---
toc: true
layout: post
description: A post that shows the explanation of how my part of the project meets the CPT requirements
categories: [Markdown, week-19]
title: cPT requirements for my project
author: Aditya Ajay Nawnadhar
show_tags: true
comments: true
image: images/postimage11.png
---


## Collegeboard requirements
### Program purpose - 
- The video will show an input which will be the clicking of the "generate" button. The output which will be displayed will be a random fact generated from an api that I will make.
- The overall purpose of the program is for the user can expand their knowledge on electric cars and this new industry. This helps the user to empower themselves with the necessary knowledge about electric cars and make sound and informed decisions.
- The functionality of the program as demonstrated in the video is that a user will press the generate button which will cause a random fact "x" to be generated and displayed on the screen below the button.
- The input is the user clicking the generate button. The output is a random fact being generated. 

### Data Abstraction
- First code segment - One of the code segments will show random facts being stored in a list or dictionary. 
- second code segment - This data of collection of facts will be then extracted by a function that gets called when the user presses the genrate button 
- The variable name of the list will be - rand_facts
- The data in the list is representing facts about electric cars

### Managing Complexity 
- The list of facts will be the list used to show that a list is being used to manage complexity. 
- The list that is being used to manage complexity could be written differently is by assigning each fact a unique variable. But this is very inefficient way of iteration and processing of data, it will also make it harder to manipulate the data. Also, makes it harder to add new data as a new unique variable needs to be made each time. 

### Procedural Abstraction
- Code segment 3- A function that calls the list and uses the random library to select a random fact from the api or list of facts and returns the selected fact. The parameter is the list of facts.
- code segment 4 - the function being called in the frontend of the program using javascript.

- The function calls the list of facts and uses the random library to select a random fact from the api or list of facts and returns the selected fact. The parameter here is the list of facts. 

### Algorithm Implementation 
- The same code segment as above which will show that the function randomly iterates through the list and selects a random fact from the list. This maybe done by using the random library to select a random number from the length of the list and then using that number as the index value for the list and using the corresponding fact. 
- *** I will write a more detailed description of the code once the code is ready ***

### Testing 
- Have not yet decide on how the testing will proceed but will likely be using a combination of the user clicking generate button or by putting the value car or industry in a input box. 

### Video plan
> The generate button is clicked a random fact is generated or the word "car" or "industry" is clicked and a random fact about either topic in electric car theme is selected

## Beneficial effects 
- increased awareness
- empowerment with essential knowledge
- Entertainment: Random fact generators can be a fun and engaging way to pass the time, with the added bonus of learning something new.

## Potential Harmful Effect
-   Misinformation - If the facts that I use are not verified before use, it can lead to the spread of misinformation. 

